codepen url https://codepen.io/chris-forrest/pen/VwLyROW
 1. What is Semantic HTML?  
    gives meaning to the html
    2. What is HTML used for?
     used to creat electronic documents displayed on the web
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    they control an elements behavior and are put inside of the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
   the most important header and is used only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
   image tag and hyperlinks
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
   meta deta
    7. What is an id? 
  specifies a unique name 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
   anything can have an id 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once 
    10. What is a class? 
   an attribute that spedifies one or more class names
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
   any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
   as many times is needed for styling purposes 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
   set the target attribute to _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
   for accessibilty for people with dissabilities
    15. How do I reference an id?
  with a hashtag
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
   section defines sections and a div defines a space
    17. What is CSS used for? 
   it's used for adding style to an html document
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
   just by using the elemnts name like h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
   a class is for one thing and a class can represent multiple things
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
   period and the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
   .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    when you want a trait to be passed down without having to specify it repeatedly
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
   div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
   assists in the selection of something that cannot be selected by a simple selector
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
   line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
   letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
   text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
   border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
   with the universal selector *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
   /* comment goes here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
   pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
   rm  you have to be careful because it removes it with out another prompt
    34. Why should I use version control? 
   incase any changes you make cause a problem 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
   20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
   git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
create a fork, add tl, clone repo, cd into the repo your using
create a branch, do you work on it then , add , commit , push to github
go to github select the branch you uploaded then do a pull request
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
